quick tidy (#212)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/tutorial/introduction.rst

Introduction
============

.. TODO

.. warning::

>    This section has not yet been upgraded to match Cylc8 changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This section has not yet been upgraded to match Cylc 8 changes.
```
